---
layout: post
title: Hello Wirld!
---

{{ page.title }}
================

<p class="meta">19 Jun 2015 - San Francisco</p>

Over the last year I've had a chance to learn a lot more about early stage
funding and made angel investments in a handful of startups. So far I've
restricted my involvement to companies with ideas in which I have significant
domain knowledge. I also insist on founders with relentless product focus, a
fierce desire to help their customers be more awesome, and excellent
communication skills. I recently met just such a company, with just such
founders, tackling a problem that has personally caused me much pain.

The company is [Replicated](http://replicated.com), and founders Grant Miller
and Marc Campbell are making it easier to roll out an on-prem Enterprise
offering based on an existing cloud-based SaaS product.

At GitHub, we burned through **a lot** of developer cycles building our own
installer (several times), securing the installation environment, coding an
automated licensing management system, integrating single sign-on services
(LDAP, Active Directory, CAS, etc, etc), building out a searchable audit system,
supporting customer-reviewable support bundles (logs and other diagnostic
output), allowing numerous backup strategies, and countless other
Enterprise-specific features that were killing our Enterprise deals. All of this
on top of hiring and building out the necessary sales, support, and accounting
teams to create a smooth Enterprise experience for our customers.

Replicated provides common Enterprise functionality (much of what I mentioned
above, and all of it eventually) that you can wrap around your SaaS product,
resulting in a first-class on-prem product in a fraction of the time. Beyond
just technology, Replicated will help you understand your Enterprise customers
through documentation on best practices and insight into the requirements and
reasons that large companies desire the features they do. Until you can
empathise with your customer (which is very hard to do as a fast-moving SaaS
startup), you'll never build the best product possible.
